.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, before:


---
name: Bug report
about: Found a bug? Raise a report

---

Follow **[this guide](https://linuxgsm.com/support/#guide)** to make sure you post the correct info.
For general support visit the **[steam group](https://linuxgsm.com/steam)**.

GitHub is **ONLY** for:
```
* LinuxGSM bugs
* feature suggestions
* code contributions
```

GitHub is **NOT** for:
```
* General support
* Specific game server issues (e.g CS:GO, TF2)
* Dedicated server issues (e.g Ubuntu, CentOS)
* Anything not directly related to LinuxGSM development
```
Any general support issues on GitHub will be closed.

*Please use the template below*

**Basic info**
Game: 
Distro: 

**Describe the bug**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

**To Reproduce**
Steps to reproduce the behaviour:
1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '....'
3. Scroll down to '....'
4. See error

**Expected behaviour**
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

**Minimum Information**
The game server you are running (e.g. Rust/CS:GO).
The link from `./gameserver postdetails` command.

**Additional context**
Add any other context about the problem here.

Commit message:

feat(docs): update bug report to have user stories

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, after:


---
name: Bug report
about: Found a bug? Raise a report

---
Follow **[this guide](https://linuxgsm.com/support/#guide)** to make sure you post the correct info.
For general support visit the **[LinuxGSM-Support](https://github.com/GameServerManagers/LinuxGSM-Support)**.

Issues here are **ONLY** for:
* LinuxGSM bugs
* feature suggestions
* code contributions

Issues here are **NOT** for:
* General support
* Specific game server issues (e.g CS:GO, TF2)
* Dedicated server issues (e.g Ubuntu, CentOS)
* Anything not directly related to LinuxGSM development

Any general support issues on GitHub will be closed.

*Please use the template below*

## User Story
As a [user description], I want [desired action] so that [desired outcome]

## Basic info 
- Distro [Ubuntu 18.04]
- Game [Garry's Mod]
- Feature [Monitor]

## Further Information
A clear description of what the bug is and any ideas on how to resolve it. Plus any further context that might be relevent to the issue.

## To Reproduce
Steps to reproduce the behaviour:
1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '....'
3. Scroll down to '....'
4. See error

## Expected behaviour
A what you expected to happen.
